modified:   src/providers/linkedin.ts (#105)
pilcrowOnPaper/arctic: .changesets/a6vql.minor.md

> Feat: Add `id_token` to the return value of LinkedIn's `validateAuthorizationCode(code: string)`   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feat: Add `idToken` to the return value of LinkedIn's `validateAuthorizationCode(code: string)`   
```

> Feat: Add `id_token` to the return value of LinkedIn's `validateAuthorizationCode(code: string)`   

Reviewer: Can you make a changeset for each change (feat one should be minor and the fix should be patch)
